The Joe Rogan experience.
Like I look, I have a Tesla and I love my Tesla. I love it to death.
It's probably the best car that I have, but there's something that I miss.
And what I miss is the, I want to,
I want to feel the gear. I want to feel the,
I pushed a left pedal down the clutch engages.
I pushed the gear shift into third gear. I let the clutch out.
I pushed down the gas.
There's this interaction with this thing that lets me I'm, I'm engaged.
I'm feeling it. There's something about those,
those kind of old cars and mechanical watches.
And there's a lot of other things that they, those things excite me.
It's like tactile. It's like a dance. I like cooking over fire.
You know what I'm saying? Like, there's,
there's things that I still like that are older things. I like running on dirt,
you know? There's I like those things chopping wood. There's things.
There's tactile experiences, you know? Yeah.
I know those are dying. I know they're dying. The manual gearbox is dying.
Um, my car stole a stick. I talked about it last time I was here,
the Mazda3 it's a sticker.
Shift. People are kissing with masks on, do you understand what's happening?
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. People are making out with masks on no one mask.
They're dangerous, dangerous people, but you know what I'm saying? Like,
I feel like mass kissing is like,
it's a step in the wrong direction. It's where we're going to become aliens.
We're going to become the grays with the big black eyes, that giant heads.
We're not going to kiss it all anymore. No,
we're going to do it all through our brain. That'd be a Relic of the past.
That's going to be the difference between a Tesla and a manual.
1970 Chevelle is going to be the difference between real
and,
and people just plugging into some some computer and
just letting it all happen inside some virtual reality experience where you
don't have to worry about cooties. That's what I'm worried about, man.
I'm worried about tactile human experiences and I'm not really worried.
I'm recognizing that the same way. If you wanted to,
if you wanted to look back on primates and your early primates
and go look, if you brought a Chimp into the future and said, Hey,
this is what it's going to be like, going to fly in planes. And you're gonna,
you're going to eat off plates, like that. I like swinging from trees.
And I like throw all my own at my enemies.
Like, I can't give that up.
I'm not giving up throwing,
like in my hand and giving him a good topsoil.
And I get together with my other Chimp buddies and we up some dude across our
imaginary line. We kill him. No, there's, there's parts of that.
That for sure. We're we're w w life is better today,
but I'm not a future human. I'm a current human.
And in, in my current state, there's tactile experiences that I enjoy.
I like kissing. I like holding hands.
I like shaking a person's hand when I meet them. I like drinking whiskey.
I like driving cars. I like shifting my own gears.
I like opening doors for myself. Whenever those,
one of those things where like you step towards it and the door opens up.
I never use those things. I grabbed that handle. I opened that up.
I like opening doors. I like it. I want to,
I want to experience things I want to, I want to interact with the world.
I like interacting. Yeah.
I think there'll always be a place for that. [inaudible] no, no more.
Well COVID has put a wrench into that. COVID.
It's basically showing us what the future holds in store for us.
What the future holds in store for us is the elimination of biological threats.
And there's a lot of biological threats that we take for granted,
like emotions, hormones, the desire to breed,
conquering the natural primate instincts to
dominate environments and to expand our boundaries and our kingdoms.
All those things are dangerous. They're not good,
but they also create art and romance and controversy. And th th they, they,
they provide people within enthusiasm and motivation.
There's all these things about being a human that creates art and,
and makes things like wine. They,
it makes things worth living whiskey, cigars.
I do miss the kinetic nature of life pre COVID. You know what I mean?
Like bumping into someone, going to something,
just serendipitously meeting someone that doesn't happen
any more. Really. Now everything is just so happens.
In Texas.
I'm two days in, so I'm learning, but.
I'm going to take you around. Yeah. We're going to be fine. Yeah. Yeah.
The people that don't want it to go back are the people that are most fearful.
The people that are like my grandmother died. I understand I get it. Yeah. It's,
it's a terrifying tragedy that anybody has to die from a disease,
but we have to recognize that we're all gonna die and you can't stop all life
because a disease comes along and kills. Some of us,
we have to recognize what can we do to mitigate the dangers of this disease.
Plus, what can we do to mitigate the dangers of dissolving our culture?
We haven't done that instead.
We've only concentrated on MIS mitigating the dangers of spreading something.
So stay home, wear three masks, touchdown, one wear gloves while you're driving.
Like, man, this is not life. This is not life.
And most of these people that are three mass people,
they don't know anything about vitamins and course attend and
saunas and all the different methods that you can use to stimulate your immune
system. It's like, we're, we're,
we're we don't want people to be able to take their own chances and
make their own risks. And the more liberal you are,
and the more left wing you are,
the more likely you are to appeal to authoritarianism.
And this is the one of the most discouraging aspects of our culture in 2021
is that like these,
all these people that are supposed to be like left wing people in my,
when I was a kid, I thought of I've always been left wing.
I've always been my family's like my, my stepdad's a hippie.
He was a hippie. My mom, there were,
there were very like open-minded left wing people there that it was all
about free expression.
It was all about letting people be who they are and living whatever life you
want it to be in and accepting people for who they are.
This is not what's happening. Now.
This is all this fear based weird appeal to
authoritarianism, to there's too much disinformation on the internet.
We have to have a czar of truth.
There's people calling for a czar of truth. Do you know this?
This is the new thing they're asking for the government to create a czar of
truth, the government to decide what's real.
And what's not to just dispel disinformation.
So you can pull this up czar of truth.
This is something that CNN has talked about.
A lot of these like weirdo networks have talked about like, do you,
do you understand these people understand what happens when you start censoring
people? And we start saying things like,
we need the government to step in the government's never been good at anything.
They'd never been good at anything, not one thing.
And there being this whole, this whole like COVID crisis,
like businesses are suffering. They're just here, businesses you're.
But especially in LA, it sucks. It's like.
All the restaurants are gone.
Yeah. There's no contingency plan in place. And then also they're like,
stay home. But then how do you make money? So you can't have it both ways.
You have to have like a safety net in place.
The theme of the people that are making these distinctions and making these
decisions, they don't lose a paycheck. That's the problem.
All these mayors and governors and health board advisors,
they don't miss a paycheck.
They can shut down everything and they do it for optics.
Yeah. I think there's a way to be smart about this. Obviously,
this is a real thing and it does affect people.
But listen, man, you got through.
It. I got through it. Yeah, sure. But like I'm, I'm younger.
And I know there are cases where, where people are hit really hard by this,
but I think sometimes there's bureaucracy attached to it where you're not even
using logic, like the comedy story, you know, they were,
they were all out before this like, look, it's in purple tier right now,
whatever it is. They've overplayed.
Outdoor dining is allowed now in Los Angeles.
But when I made the decision to come out here, everything was clamped down.
But before it was clamped down, they did have outdoor dining and all that.
And the comedy store was allowed to have outside seating in the parking lot.
You know, where we park before we do our sets. So there was tables,
there was chairs and they could watch TV. They could watch a football game.
They could watch the comedy store documentary.
They were able to be congregated in that parking lot.
But they weren't allowed to, if you put a comedian doing jokes,
outdoor, that was suddenly against the rules,
but like nothing has changed other than,
instead of a TV that they're focuses on. They are watching a comedian.
But for some reason, the city deemed that, not allowable because.
The city is filled, the city government is filled with people.
So stupid. They want to be a part of the city government.
Yes. It just meant like on the ground park words in your mouth. All right.
Thank you. It makes,
it makes no sense just to anyone and they have to make sense.
And it was frustrating because before the shutdown,
when everything was like super locked down,
I was doing a lot of outdoor shows in LA and I was doing all these alt shells,
just like in backyards and on the top of hotels and stuff.
But the comedy store wasn't allowed to do shows because it was called the comedy
store. There's too much attention on it.
Yeah. I think it's just a bunch of fools. That's all it is.
It's just a bunch of fools working in government.
It doesn't have to make any sense.
They just have to keep their jobs and they have to give off.
They have to give off the perception that they're doing something that is
helping and it's not true.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expanse.